add --bind_cores_to_rank to zero offload tutorial (#7474)
deepspeedai/DeepSpeed: docs/_tutorials/zero-offload.md

<img src="/assets/images/zero_offload_dp1_10B_cpu.png">
</a>

### CPU Adam perf tuning

> ZeRO offload already support multi-gpu training.  If the workload is using CPU optimizer, the workload can be further tuened by pass `--bind_cores_to_rank` to the deepspeed launch command. This switch will mainly do two things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZeRO offload already support multi-gpu training.  If the workload is using CPU optimizer, the workload can be further tuned by passing `--bind_cores_to_rank` to the deepspeed launch command. This switch will mainly do two things:
```
